Enable programme/voting page (#1522)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/programme/voting.mdx

Reviewer: The buttons now look different. Ideally, it should be reflected here.

import { Image } from "astro:assets";
import voteOptions from "../images/voting.png";
import companion from "../images/companion.png";

# Community Voting

Welcome to EuroPython Community Voting! We want feedback about what YOU would
like to see at EuroPython 2026. We have 616 proposals covering many
aspects of Python, and we are excited to be putting together an engaging,
educational and entertaining programme.  Your feedback is an important
ingredient in this refinement and curation process.

<Center>
Community Voting is currently <b>Open</b> ✅.

The voting period starts on Thursday 19 February 18:00:00 UTC

> until Thursday, 5 February 23:59:59 UTC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
until Thursday, 5 March 23:59:59 UTC
```
I'm guessing it's March. It just certainly cannot be Feb :)

- You are welcome to leave optional comments for each submission you vote on.
  They will only be shared with the programme team.

### Did you notice the little companion?

> - This year we are including a little companion in your mission!
> - Evaluating more proposals, will help your companion to keep growing! so we hope you can take good
>   care of it.
> - Even if it's very tempting, we encourage you properly review talks before voting,
>   otherwise, your companion might suffer from a very quick review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This year, we are including a little companion in your mission!
- Evaluating more proposals will help your companion keep growing! So we hope you take good care of it.
- Even if it's very tempting, we encourage you to properly review talks before voting. Otherwise, your companion might suffer from a hasty review.
```
Some grammar and flow suggestions.
